hi I'm Terry from Tommy John's want to
talk to you today about our new stair
drum series we call it the salad lab
project why soundlab because we spend a
lot of time researching what it takes to
make the right snare drum trying to
figure out which components maker best
sounding drum for each musical style the
stair drama is a key component of every
drummer's drum kit you want a very
individual specific sound something
that's personal something that
represents you behind the drum set but
it also has to work with each musical
style how do you know which drum to use
it could be very confusing it's
overwhelming with so many choices in the
market so we're trying to help you find
the right drug for your personal taste
your musical style we created for wood
drums and for metal drums each one is
varied with thickness pureed with
materials varied in design each one has
its own sonic identity in order for you
to hear what each drum sounds like we
have eight individual videos one of each
drum featuring tama artist joe bergamini
Joe is going to play each drum viewed in
a musical context as well as
individually and with the drum set I'm
really excited about the snare drum
series usually when companies put out a
snare drum line they'll use different
shell materials but they'll stay with
the same hoops and lugs and other
elements on the drum what tama has done
with this series is they've experimented
with those things we have eight
different drums different shell
materials but they've experimented with
the snares the hoops and the lugs on
each one to kind of bring out the
characteristics of each particular drum
and I think that gives each drum its own
personality